Update pending-opcodes.md (DATA*, RETURNDATALOAD, EXCHANGE) (#868)
ethereum/execution-specs: lists/evm/proposed-opcodes.md

| [5656](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5656)                        | 0xB7   | MCOPY              | Memory copy                                                                  |
| [5920](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5920)                        | 0xF9   | PAY                | transfers value from caller to target                                        |
| [6206](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6206)                        | 0xE5   | JUMPF              | EOF Function Jump                                                            |
| [6888](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6888)                        | 0x5B   | JUMPC              | Jump if the most recent arithmetic op set the carry bit                      |
| [6888](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6888)                        | 0x5C   | JUMPO              | Jump if the most recent arithmetic op set the overflow bit                   |
| [6913](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6913)                        | 0x49   | SETCODE            | Replace code of current contract                                             |

> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xEC   | CREATE3            | Create from EOF contained initcode                                           |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xED   | CREATE4            | Create from transaction contained initcode                                   |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xEE   | RETURNCONTRACT     | contract to be created, references EOF data                                  |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xD0   | DATALOAD           | Loads data from EOF data section, via stack                                  |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xD1   | DATALOADN          | Loads data from EOF data section, via immediate                              |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xD2   | DATASIZE           | Size of the EOF data section                                                 |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xD3   | DATACOPY           | Bulk data section copy                                                       |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xF7   | RETURNDATALOAD     | Loads data returned from a call to the stack                                 |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xF8   | CALL2              | CALL without gas and output memory                                           |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xF9   | DELEGATECALL2      | DELEGATECALL without gas and output memory                                   |
> | [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xFB   | STATICCALL2        | STATICCALL without gas and output memory                                     |

Reviewer: (reordering to keep the list sorted by EIP)
```suggestion
| [EIP-7069](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7069) | 0xF7   | RETURNDATALOAD     | Loads data returned from a call to the stack                                 |
| [EIP-7069](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7069) | 0xF8   | CALL2              | CALL without gas and output memory                                           |
| [EIP-7069](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7069) | 0xF9   | DELEGATECALL2      | DELEGATECALL without gas and output memory                                   |
| [EIP-7069](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7069) | 0xFB   | STATICCALL2        | STATICCALL without gas and output memory                                     |
| [EIP-7480](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7480) | 0xD0   | DATALOAD           | Loads data from EOF data section, via stack                                  |
| [EIP-7480](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7480) | 0xD1   | DATALOADN          | Loads data from EOF data section, via immediate                              |
| [EIP-7480](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7480) | 0xD2   | DATASIZE           | Size of the EOF data section                                                 |
| [EIP-7480](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7480) | 0xD3   | DATACOPY           | Bulk data section copy                                                       |
| [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xEC   | CREATE3            | Create from EOF contained initcode                                           |
| [mega EOF](https://notes.ethereum.org/@ipsilon/mega-eof-specification) | 0xED   | CREATE4            | Create from transaction contained initcode                                   |
```
